There is only one script in this repo: 'proj2.R'. This script reads in the test and training data sets from "UCI HAR Dataset/test/X_test.txt" and "UCI HAR Dataset/test/X_test.txt" respectively. It then reads in the activity being performed for each set of observations (row of the dataframe). The script then column binds the activities to the observations. Then the variable names are read in from "UCI HAR Dataset/features.txt" and the column names of the dataframe are changed to this vector that was read in. Then the test and training sets are merged together. The script then subsets the data to only include the computed mean and standard deviation for each measurement via grep-ing the colnames. Then the 'Subject' variable is created by reading in the data from "UCI HAR Dataset/test/subject_test.txt" and "UCI HAR Dataset/train/subject_train.txt" respectively, and is then column binded to the dataset. Then the values of the 'Activity' variable are converted from numbers to descriptive character vectors.
A second dataframe is then created by taking each unique value pair of 'Subject' and 'Activity' and taking the average for each variable for every instance of that unique value pair. This second dataset has 180 rows (6 activites by 30 subjects) and has 'MEAN' added to the end of each variable to indicate that the variable is the mean for that variable for that value pair.

The second dataframe created is then saved to a file called 'samsungAvg.txt' and is then useable for further analysis.